An Urban Digital Twin can be applied to parking vehicles, providing numerous benefits and opportunities for optimizing parking management and enhancing urban mobility. In particular, a digital urban parking can facilitate efficient management of parking spaces. It can monitor occupancy levels, detect unauthorized parking, and identify vehicles that have overstayed their allotted time. This information can be used to optimize parking enforcement efforts and ensure fair use of parking resources. In order to optimize this there is a need to use constraints The provided model represents a parking allocation problem where the goal is to allocate vehicles to parking spaces in a grid layout. We'll consider optimizing the allocation of parking spaces in a city to minimize congestion and maximize the utilization of available spaces. Specifically, a free parking space is searched on the grid based on the current position of the car entering the parking lot. The parking map is represented as a two-dimensional grid, where 0 indicates free space and 1 indicates occupied space. The car coordinates at the entrance of the parking lot are specified as input (carX and carY). The goal is to find the coordinates (targetX, targetY) of the free parking space closest to the car and minimize the distance between the car and the target parking space. Once the optimization problem is solved, the output will show the coordinates of the target parking lot and the minimum distance between the car and the target parking lot. The number of free parking spaces in the vicinity of the target parking lot is, in addition, calculated. This calculation is used as a tie-breaker criterion to resolve any cases of equality in minimum distance. In this way, if there are two target parking lots at equal distances from the car, the solver will prefer the one that has a larger number of free spaces in the vicinity. A target parking lot with a larger number of free spaces around it could provide greater visibility and safety during parking maneuvers.
